capital = 847

oob = "ARG_2018"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 260
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_spanish

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	superior_firepower = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	force_rotation = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_steady
	christianity
	presidential_republic
	federal
}

set_country_flag = catholic

#Economy
set_variable = { income_tax = 35 }
set_variable = { corporate_tax = 35 }

#Chamber of Deputies
set_variable = { communist_seats = 1.16 }
set_variable = { socialist_seats = 52.91 }
set_variable = { progressive_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { social_democrat_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { social_liberal_seats = 3.91 }
set_variable = { classical_liberal_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { conservative_seats = 42.02 }
set_variable = { national_conservative_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { monarchist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { right_wing_nationalist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { fascist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { islamist_seats = 0 }

# Coalition
set_country_flag = has_parliament
set_country_flag = coalition_conservative
add_to_variable = { ROOT.Coalition = conservative_seats }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "2015.10.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    socialist = 46.69
    conservative = 45.13
    social_liberal = 7.41
    communist = 0.77
}

recruit_character = ARG_alberto_fernández
recruit_character = ARG_mauricio_macri
recruit_character = ARG_roberto_lavagna
recruit_character = ARG_josé_montes
recruit_character = ARG_diego_luis_suñer
recruit_character = ARG_bari_del_valle_sosa
recruit_character = ARG_enrique_victor_amrein
recruit_character = ARG_santiago_ferreyra
recruit_character = ARG_joaquín_estrada
recruit_character = ARG_agustin_cejas
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_corvalan
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_sigon
recruit_character = ARG_aldo_fernandez
recruit_character = ARG_aldo_sala
recruit_character = ARG_alejandro_martelletti
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_alfredo_pérez_aquino
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_nogueira
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_podio
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_sityar
recruit_character = ARG_claudio_gallardo
recruit_character = ARG_clemente_magallanes
recruit_character = ARG_daniel_eduardo_varela
recruit_character = ARG_claudio_ernesto_pasqualini
recruit_character = ARG_federico_sidders
recruit_character = ARG_fernando_mauricio_ros
recruit_character = ARG_gerardo_ferrara
recruit_character = ARG_german_monge
recruit_character = ARG_guillermo_pereda
recruit_character = ARG_guillermo_Ángel_tabernero
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_booth
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_luzuriaga
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_planes
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_vidal
recruit_character = ARG_héctor_horacio_prechi
recruit_character = ARG_hugo_gargano
recruit_character = ARG_hugo_leonard
recruit_character = ARG_javier_abregu
recruit_character = ARG_javier_aquino
recruit_character = ARG_jose_navarro
recruit_character = ARG_josé_antonio_saumell_robert
recruit_character = ARG_jose_stanchina
recruit_character = ARG_josé_luis_yofre
recruit_character = ARG_juan_antonio_zamora
recruit_character = ARG_juan_adrián_campitelli
recruit_character = ARG_juan_gettig
recruit_character = ARG_juan_paleo
recruit_character = ARG_juan_pulleiro
recruit_character = ARG_justo_treviranus
recruit_character = ARG_luis_ricciardi
recruit_character = ARG_maria_pansa
recruit_character = ARG_martin_deimundo
recruit_character = ARG_miguel_lugand
recruit_character = ARG_norberto_pastor
recruit_character = ARG_osvaldo_guardone
recruit_character = ARG_osvaldo_jose_suárez
recruit_character = ARG_sergio_santulario
recruit_character = ARG_tomas_moyano
recruit_character = ARG_bernardo_noziglia
recruit_character = ARG_cesar_recalde
recruit_character = ARG_dardo_difalco
recruit_character = ARG_david_burden
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_bacchi
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_malchiodi
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_sancet
recruit_character = ARG_francisco_medrano
recruit_character = ARG_gabriel_gonzalez
recruit_character = ARG_german_arbizu
recruit_character = ARG_guillermo_cormick
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_iglesias
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_vignale
recruit_character = ARG_jorge_cisneros
recruit_character = ARG_jose_villan
recruit_character = ARG_luis_gottardo
recruit_character = ARG_luis_mazzeo
recruit_character = ARG_marcelo_eduardo_hipolito_srur
recruit_character = ARG_marcos_henson
recruit_character = ARG_maria_uriarte
recruit_character = ARG_miguel_Ángel_máscolo
recruit_character = ARG_oscar_pichel
recruit_character = ARG_oscar_vivas
recruit_character = ARG_osvaldo_vernazza
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_galardi
recruit_character = ARG_rafael_prieto
recruit_character = ARG_rodolfo_larrosa
recruit_character = ARG_zenon_bolino
