capital = 6

set_research_slots = 1

set_country_flag = country_language_dutch
set_country_flag = country_language_french
set_country_flag = country_language_bulgarian
set_country_flag = country_language_czech
set_country_flag = country_language_danish
set_country_flag = country_language_english
set_country_flag = country_language_estonian
set_country_flag = country_language_finnish
set_country_flag = country_language_german
set_country_flag = country_language_greek
set_country_flag = country_language_hungarian
set_country_flag = country_language_irish
set_country_flag = country_language_italian
set_country_flag = country_language_latvian
set_country_flag = country_language_lithuanian
set_country_flag = country_language_maltese
set_country_flag = country_language_polish
set_country_flag = country_language_portugese
set_country_flag = country_language_romanian
set_country_flag = country_language_slovak
set_country_flag = country_language_slovene
set_country_flag = country_language_spanish
set_country_flag = country_language_swedish

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_stagnation
	free_trade
	the_euro
	parliamentary_system
}

set_country_flag = catholic

#European Parliament
set_variable = { communist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { socialist_seats = 5.6 }
set_variable = { progressive_seats = 7.3 }
set_variable = { social_democrat_seats = 24.4 }
set_variable = { social_liberal_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { classical_liberal_seats = 7.0 }
set_variable = { conservative_seats = 43.9 }
set_variable = { national_conservative_seats = 5.2 }
set_variable = { monarchist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { right_wing_nationalist_seats = 6.6 }
set_variable = { fascist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { islamist_seats = 0 }

# Coalition
set_country_flag = has_parliament
set_country_flag = coalition_conservative
add_to_variable = { ROOT.Coalition = conservative_seats }

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "2014.5.23"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    conservative = 31.3
	social_democrat = 18.5
	classical_liberal = 13.0
	progressive = 11.7
	right_wing_nationalist = 10.8
	national_conservative = 8.2
	socialist = 6.5
}

recruit_character = EUU_jean_claude_juncker
recruit_character = EUU_frans_timmermans
recruit_character = EUU_guy_verhofstadt
recruit_character = EUU_ska_keller
recruit_character = EUU_marco_zanni
recruit_character = EUU_syed_kamall
recruit_character = EUU_gabriele_zimmer
