capital = 62

oob = "GER_2018"

set_research_slots = 5
set_convoys = 400
set_stability = 0.7

set_war_support = 0.15

set_country_flag = country_language_german

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	mobile_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	formation_flying = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	volunteer_only
	free_trade
	GER_bundeswehr_shortcomings
	idea_GER_german_legacy
	idea_eu_member
	the_euro
	parliamentary_system
	federal
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_intelligence_agency = {
  		name = "Federal Intelligence Service"
 		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_GER"
	}
}

set_country_flag = protestant

#Bundestag
set_variable = { communist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { socialist_seats = 9.2 }
set_variable = { progressive_seats = 8.9 }
set_variable = { social_democrat_seats = 20.5 }
set_variable = { social_liberal_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { classical_liberal_seats = 10.7 }
set_variable = { conservative_seats = 38.1 }
set_variable = { national_conservative_seats = 12.6 }
set_variable = { monarchist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { right_wing_nationalist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { fascist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { islamist_seats = 0 }

# Coalition
set_country_flag = has_parliament
set_country_flag = coalition_conservative
set_country_flag = coalition_social_democrat
add_to_variable = { ROOT.Coalition = conservative_seats }
add_to_variable = { ROOT.Coalition = social_democrat_seats }

add_opinion_modifier = { target = FRA modifier = treaty_of_friendship }
add_opinion_modifier = { target = HOL modifier = military_cooperation }

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "2017.9.26"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    conservative = 26.76
    social_democrat = 28.02
    national_conservative = 11.27
    classical_liberal = 12.5
    socialist = 5.29
    progressive = 16.16
}

recruit_character = GER_angela_merkel
recruit_character = GER_andrea_nahles
recruit_character = GER_alexander_gauland
recruit_character = GER_frank_franz
recruit_character = GER_georg_friedrich
recruit_character = GER_christian_lindner
recruit_character = GER_carsten_sawosch
recruit_character = GER_simone_peter
recruit_character = GER_katja_kipping
recruit_character = GER_klaus_armstroff
recruit_character = GER_patrik_kabele
recruit_character = GER_ibrahim_abounagie
recruit_character = GER_volker_wieker
recruit_character = GER_wolfgang_schneiderhan
recruit_character = GER_hanspeter_von_kirchbach
recruit_character = GER_bruno_kasdorf
recruit_character = GER_jarg_vollmer
recruit_character = GER_martin_schelleis
recruit_character = GER_richard_roßmanith
recruit_character = GER_hanserich_antoni
recruit_character = GER_joachim_wundrak
recruit_character = GER_peter_bohrer
recruit_character = GER_helmut_schütz
recruit_character = GER_eberhard_zorn
recruit_character = GER_ansgar_rieks
recruit_character = GER_dieter_warnecke
recruit_character = GER_josef_blotz
recruit_character = GER_dieter_naskrent
recruit_character = GER_karl_müllner
recruit_character = GER_klaus_reinhardt
recruit_character = GER_karlheinz_lather
recruit_character = GER_joachim_spiering
recruit_character = GER_rainer_schuwirth
recruit_character = GER_dieter_stackmann
recruit_character = GER_hanslothar_domrase
recruit_character = GER_werner_freers
recruit_character = GER_egon_ramms
recruit_character = GER_wolfdieter_langheld
recruit_character = GER_ludwig_leinhos
recruit_character = GER_hanswerner_wiermann
recruit_character = GER_franz_xaver_pfrengle
recruit_character = GER_stephan_thomas
recruit_character = GER_walter_huhn
recruit_character = GER_gert_gawellek
recruit_character = GER_carsten_jahnel
recruit_character = GER_volker_thomas
recruit_character = GER_christof_munzlinger
recruit_character = GER_bernd_schuett
recruit_character = GER_jürgen_weigt
recruit_character = GER_dirk_backen
recruit_character = GER_andreas_marlow
recruit_character = GER_jürgen_setzer
recruit_character = GER_thorsten_poschwatta
recruit_character = GER_udo_schnittker
recruit_character = GER_alexander_sollfrank
recruit_character = GER_dirk_faust
recruit_character = GER_markus_laubenthal
recruit_character = GER_ruprecht_von_butler
recruit_character = GER_heico_hübner
recruit_character = GER_frank_leidenberger
recruit_character = GER_gert_hagemann
recruit_character = GER_walter_spindler
recruit_character = GER_manfred_hofmann
recruit_character = GER_dag_baehr
recruit_character = GER_carsten_jacobson
recruit_character = GER_erich_pfeffer
recruit_character = GER_erhard_bühler
recruit_character = GER_gunter_schneider
recruit_character = GER_jarg_see
recruit_character = GER_markus_kneip
recruit_character = GER_werner_albl
recruit_character = GER_oliver_kohl
recruit_character = GER_kai_rohrschneider
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_grün
recruit_character = GER_manfred_nielson
recruit_character = GER_rainer_feist
recruit_character = GER_axel_meissel
recruit_character = GER_henrik_riechert
recruit_character = GER_axel_schimpf
recruit_character = GER_andreas_krause
recruit_character = GER_joachim_rühle
recruit_character = GER_rainer_brinkmann
recruit_character = GER_carsten_stawitzki
recruit_character = GER_thomas_jugel
recruit_character = GER_jan_christian_kaack
recruit_character = GER_christoph_müllermeinhard
recruit_character = GER_jean_martens
recruit_character = GER_axel_deertz
recruit_character = GER_jens_nemeyer
recruit_character = GER_kayachim_schanbach
recruit_character = GER_rainer_endres