capital = 2

oob = "ITA_2018"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 600
set_stability = 0.5

set_country_flag = country_language_italian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	

	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

give_guarantee = VAT
give_guarantee = SMR
give_guarantee = MLT

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_stagnation
	idea_eu_member
	the_euro
	ITA_mafia
	ITA_corruption
	ITA_migrants_from_africa
	parliamentary_system
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_intelligence_agency = {
  		name = "External Intelligence and Security Agency"
 		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_ITA"
	}
}

set_country_flag = catholic

#Chamber of Deputies
set_variable = { communist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { socialist_seats = 5.87 }
set_variable = { progressive_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { social_democrat_seats = 48.59 }
set_variable = { social_liberal_seats = 0.95 }
set_variable = { classical_liberal_seats = 7.46 }
set_variable = { conservative_seats = 15.55 }
set_variable = { national_conservative_seats = 17.30 }
set_variable = { monarchist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { right_wing_nationalist_seats = 2.85 }
set_variable = { fascist_seats = 1.43 }
set_variable = { islamist_seats = 0 }

# Coalition
set_country_flag = has_parliament
set_country_flag = coalition_social_democrat
add_to_variable = { ROOT.Coalition = social_democrat_seats }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "2013.3.4"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    right_wing_nationalist = 19.84
    national_conservative = 36.38
    conservative = 17.14
	fascist = 5.07
    social_liberal = 0.47
    social_democrat = 18.73
    progressive = 0.15
    socialist = 2.22
}

recruit_character = ITA_paolo_gentiloni
recruit_character = ITA_matteo_salvini
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_di_maio
recruit_character = ITA_silvio_berlusconi
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_grasso
recruit_character = ITA_emma_bonino
recruit_character = ITA_giulio_santagata
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_zanetti
recruit_character = ITA_giorgia_meloni
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele
recruit_character = ITA_claudio_graziano
recruit_character = ITA_claudio_mora
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_serino
recruit_character = ITA_leonardo_di_marco
recruit_character = ITA_riccardo_marchiò
recruit_character = ITA_danilo_errico
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_francavilla
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_volatto
recruit_character = ITA_fabrizio_castagnetti
recruit_character = ITA_filiberto_cecchi
recruit_character = ITA_biagio_abrate
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_mannino
recruit_character = ITA_bruno_stano
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_francesco_de_leverano
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_sperotto
recruit_character = ITA_marcello_bellacicco
recruit_character = ITA_luca_felicissimo
recruit_character = ITA_marco_bertolini
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_fortezza
recruit_character = ITA_alessandro_grassano
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_primicerj
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_vittiglio
recruit_character = ITA_antonino_poma
recruit_character = ITA_gianpaolo_mirra
recruit_character = ITA_gianluca_carai
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_settesoldi
recruit_character = ITA_nicola_terzano
recruit_character = ITA_federico_bonato
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_fabbri
recruit_character = ITA_allessandro_scano
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_santoro
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_musti
recruit_character = ITA_aldo_mezzalana
recruit_character = ITA_gianluigi_de_matteis
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_scardino
recruit_character = ITA_marco_piacentini
recruit_character = ITA_andrea_di_stasio
recruit_character = ITA_gianfranco_lauria_pantano
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_perretti
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_vannacci
recruit_character = ITA_aurelio_tassi
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_di_pasquale
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cillo
recruit_character = ITA_massimiliano_stecca
recruit_character = ITA_antonello_vespeziani
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_angioni
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_rossitto
recruit_character = ITA_agostino_biancafarini
recruit_character = ITA_salvatore_camporeale
recruit_character = ITA_enzo_vecciarelli
recruit_character = ITA_tullio_del_sette
recruit_character = ITA_vincenzo_coppola
recruit_character = ITA_giorgio_toschi
recruit_character = ITA_filippo_ritondale
recruit_character = ITA_gabriele_lupini
recruit_character = ITA_valter_girardelli
recruit_character = ITA_vincenzo_melone
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_pezzuti
recruit_character = ITA_donato_marzano
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_de_giorgi
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_tortora
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_mascia
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_binelli_mantelli
recruit_character = ITA_giampaolo_di_paola
recruit_character = ITA_felicio_angrisano