capital = 110

oob = "NOR_2018"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 480
set_stability = 0.7

set_country_flag = country_language_norwegian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	

	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_decline
	free_trade
	limited_conscription
    nordic_council_member
	christianity
	parliamentary_system
}

set_country_flag = protestant

#Storting
set_variable = { communist_seats = 0.59 }
set_variable = { socialist_seats = 6.50 }
set_variable = { progressive_seats = 0.59 }
set_variable = { social_democrat_seats = 28.99 }
set_variable = { social_liberal_seats = 11.24 }
set_variable = { classical_liberal_seats = 31.39 }
set_variable = { conservative_seats = 4.73 }
set_variable = { national_conservative_seats = 15.97 }
set_variable = { monarchist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { right_wing_nationalist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { fascist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { islamist = 0 }

# Coalition
set_country_flag = has_parliament
set_country_flag = coalition_classical_liberal
set_country_flag = coalition_national_conservative
add_to_variable = { ROOT.Coalition = classical_liberal_seats }
add_to_variable = { ROOT.Coalition = national_conservative_seats }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = classical_liberal 
	last_election = "2017.9.11"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {    
    social_democrat = 28.99
    classical_liberal = 31.39
    national_conservative = 15.97
    social_liberal = 11.24
    socialist = 6.50
    conservative = 4.73
    progressive = 0.59
    communist = 0.59
}

recruit_character = NOR_jonas_gahr_store
recruit_character = NOR_erna_solberg
recruit_character = NOR_siv_jensen
recruit_character = NOR_trygve_slagsvold_vedum
recruit_character = NOR_audun_lysbakken
recruit_character = NOR_knut_arild_hareide
recruit_character = NOR_une_aina_bastholm
recruit_character = NOR_bjørnar_moxnes
recruit_character = NOR_tore_tvedt
recruit_character = NOR_makvan_kasheikal
recruit_character = NOR_harald_v
recruit_character = NOR_ubaydullah_hussain
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_bruunhanssen
recruit_character = NOR_erik_gustafsson
recruit_character = NOR_robert_mood
recruit_character = NOR_harald_sunde
recruit_character = NOR_anders_jernberg
recruit_character = NOR_arild_dregelid
recruit_character = NOR_eldar_berli
recruit_character = NOR_inge_kampenes
recruit_character = NOR_ivar_sakserud
recruit_character = NOR_jan_erik_thoresen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_frederik_geiner
recruit_character = NOR_jan_per_ole_janitz
recruit_character = NOR_jon_ivar_kjellin
recruit_character = NOR_kjell_grandhagen
recruit_character = NOR_kurt_pedersen
recruit_character = NOR_lars_christian_aamodt
recruit_character = NOR_morten_haga_lunde
recruit_character = NOR_nils_johan_holte
recruit_character = NOR_ingvar_seland
recruit_character = NOR_frode_kristoffersen
recruit_character = NOR_oddandreas_søbstad
recruit_character = NOR_odin_johannessen
recruit_character = NOR_ole_asbjørn_fauske
recruit_character = NOR_per_egil_rygg
recruit_character = NOR_petter_jansen
recruit_character = NOR_rolf_erik_bjerk
recruit_character = NOR_tor_rune_jakobsen
recruit_character = NOR_tom_guttormsen
recruit_character = NOR_tonje_skinnarland
recruit_character = NOR_tor_rune_raabye
recruit_character = NOR_yngve_odlo
recruit_character = NOR_janerik_haug
recruit_character = NOR_ivar_halset
recruit_character = NOR_aril_brandvik
recruit_character = NOR_ingrid_gjerde
recruit_character = NOR_ole_johan_skogmo
recruit_character = NOR_roy_helge_olsen
recruit_character = NOR_svein_harald_halvorsen
recruit_character = NOR_louise_kathrine_dedichen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_knudtzon_sommerfeltpetersen
recruit_character = NOR_ketil_olsen
recruit_character = NOR_lars_saunes
recruit_character = NOR_per_rostad
recruit_character = NOR_nils_andreas_stensønes
recruit_character = NOR_henning_amundsen
recruit_character = NOR_hakon_tronstad
recruit_character = NOR_trond_grytting
recruit_character = NOR_bernt_grimstvedt
recruit_character = NOR_sverre_nordahl_engeness