capital = 141	

oob = "SWE_2018"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 140
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_swedish

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1

	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	population_growth_stagnation
	idea_eu_member
    nordic_council_member
	neutrality_idea
	parliamentary_system
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_intelligence_agency = {
  		name = "Swedish Security Service"
 		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_SWE"
	}
}

add_timed_idea = { idea = idea_united_nations_NP_security_council_member days = 365 }

#Riksdag
set_variable = { communist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { socialist_seats = 6.01 }
set_variable = { progressive_seats = 7.16 }
set_variable = { social_democrat_seats = 32.4 }
set_variable = { social_liberal_seats = 6.30 }
set_variable = { classical_liberal_seats = 5.44 }
set_variable = { conservative_seats = 28.65 }
set_variable = { national_conservative_seats = 14.04 }
set_variable = { monarchist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { right_wing_nationalist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { fascist_seats = 0 }
set_variable = { islamist_seats = 0 }

# Coalition
set_country_flag = has_parliament
set_country_flag = coalition_social_democrat
set_country_flag = coalition_progressive
add_to_variable = { ROOT.Coalition = social_democrat_seats }
add_to_variable = { ROOT.Coalition = progressive_seats }

set_country_flag = protestant

set_politics = {	
    ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "2014.9.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    social_democrat = 28.67
	classical_liberal = 5.73
    national_conservative = 17.76
	social_liberal = 8.88
	socialist = 8.02
    conservative = 26.36
    progressive = 4.58
}

recruit_character = SWE_stefan_löfven
recruit_character = SWE_carl_xvi_gustaf
recruit_character = SWE_simon_lindberg
recruit_character = SWE_jimmie_åkesson
recruit_character = SWE_gustav_kasselstrand
recruit_character = SWE_jan_bjarklund
recruit_character = SWE_ulf_kristersson
recruit_character = SWE_annie_lööf
recruit_character = SWE_gustav_fridolin
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_sjöstedt
recruit_character = SWE_robert_mathiasson
recruit_character = SWE_omar_mustafa
recruit_character = SWE_karl_engelbrektson
recruit_character = SWE_micael_bydén
recruit_character = SWE_anders_brannstram
recruit_character = SWE_berndt_grundevik
recruit_character = SWE_anders_silwer
recruit_character = SWE_christer_tistam
recruit_character = SWE_michael_nilsson
recruit_character = SWE_mikael_frisell
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_ahlgren
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_teddy_larsson
recruit_character = SWE_roland_ekenberg
recruit_character = SWE_peder_ohlsson
recruit_character = SWE_fredrik_ståhlberg
recruit_character = SWE_jan_demarkesse
recruit_character = SWE_johan_pekkari
recruit_character = SWE_mats_helgeson
recruit_character = SWE_anders_svensson
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_alexandersson
recruit_character = SWE_carl_magnus_r._svensson
recruit_character = SWE_dag_lidén
recruit_character = SWE_dennis_gyllensporre
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_lotsne
recruit_character = SWE_lars_karlsson
recruit_character = SWE_mathias_holmqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mattias_hanson
recruit_character = SWE_michael_ginér
recruit_character = SWE_nils_johansson
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_hjorth
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_fredriksson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_pettersson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_sandborg
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_smedman
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_lundgren
recruit_character = SWE_eva_skoog_haslum
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_hagren
recruit_character = SWE_lena_hallin
recruit_character = SWE_jens_nykvist
recruit_character = SWE_erik_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_jan_tharnqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mats_agnéus
recruit_character = SWE_anders_olovsson
