recruit_character = CAN_justin_trudeau
recruit_character = CAN_andrew_scheer
recruit_character = CAN_jagmeet_singh
recruit_character = CAN_elizabeth_may
recruit_character = CAN_maxime_bernier
recruit_character = CAN_tim_moen
recruit_character = CAN_elizabeth_rowley
recruit_character = CAN_don_andrews
recruit_character = CAN_wael_haddara
recruit_character = CAN_j._c._g._juneau
recruit_character = CAN_jeanmarc_lanthier
recruit_character = CAN_rob_roy_mackenzie
recruit_character = CAN_paul_wynnyk
recruit_character = CAN_jonathan_vance
recruit_character = CAN_dean_milner
recruit_character = CAN_simon_hetherington
recruit_character = CAN_omer_lavoie
recruit_character = CAN_c.j._turenne
recruit_character = CAN_eric_landry
recruit_character = CAN_stéphan_joudry
recruit_character = CAN_john_cochrane
recruit_character = CAN_john_hlibchuk
recruit_character = CAN_sylvie_pelletier
recruit_character = CAN_wajahat_ali_beg
recruit_character = CAN_jonathan_chouinard
recruit_character = CAN_bill_fletcher
recruit_character = CAN_luc_girouard
recruit_character = CAN_geoff_abthorpe
recruit_character = CAN_eppo_van_weelderen
recruit_character = CAN_josée_robidoux
recruit_character = CAN_stephen_bowes
recruit_character = CAN_michael_hood
recruit_character = CAN_michel_rouleau
recruit_character = CAN_denis_thompson
recruit_character = CAN_stephen_hunter
recruit_character = CAN_blaise_cathcart
recruit_character = CAN_colleen_halpin
recruit_character = CAN_alan_guimond
recruit_character = CAN_gérard_poitras
recruit_character = CAN_charles_lamarre
recruit_character = CAN_h.c._mackay
recruit_character = CAN_jeanrobert_bernier
recruit_character = CAN_pierre_stamand
recruit_character = CAN_hercule_gosselin
recruit_character = CAN_terry_garand
recruit_character = CAN_stephen_cadden
recruit_character = CAN_stuart_hartnell
recruit_character = CAN_jennie_carignan
recruit_character = CAN_derek_macaulay
recruit_character = CAN_bill_truelove
recruit_character = CAN_ron_lloyd
recruit_character = CAN_art_mcdonald
recruit_character = CAN_jeff_zwick
recruit_character = CAN_michel_vigneault
recruit_character = CAN_marta_mulkins
recruit_character = CAN_john_newton
recruit_character = CAN_craig_baines
recruit_character = CAN_scott_bishop
recruit_character = CAN_gilles_couturier
recruit_character = CAN_david_arsenault
recruit_character = CAN_gilles_grégoire
recruit_character = CAN_steven_waddell
recruit_character = CAN_name_name
recruit_character = CAN_unamed
