recruit_character = CHL_sebastián_piñera
recruit_character = CHL_Álvaro_elizalde
recruit_character = CHL_beatriz_sánchez
recruit_character = CHL_guillermo_teillier
recruit_character = CHL_félix_gonzález_gatica
recruit_character = CHL_iván_gonzález_lópez
recruit_character = CHL_ricardo_martínez_menanteau
recruit_character = CHL_guido_montini_gómez
recruit_character = CHL_humberto_oviedo_arriagada
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_robles_mella
recruit_character = CHL_Ángelo_hernández
recruit_character = CHL_ramón_oyarzún
recruit_character = CHL_rodrigo_urrutia_oyarzún
recruit_character = CHL_rodrigo_goicochea
recruit_character = CHL_javier_abarzúa
recruit_character = CHL_germán_moreno
recruit_character = CHL_luis_farías_gallardo
recruit_character = CHL_luis_chamorro_heilig
recruit_character = CHL_felipe_arancibia_clavel
recruit_character = CHL_luis_espinoza_arenas
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_peña_leiva
recruit_character = CHL_schafik_nazal_lázaro
recruit_character = CHL_miguel_alfonso_bellet
recruit_character = CHL_andrés_fuentealba_gómez
recruit_character = CHL_hernán_araya_santis
recruit_character = CHL_javier_iturriaga_del_campo
recruit_character = CHL_sergio_retamal
recruit_character = CHL_ernesto_tejos_méndez
recruit_character = CHL_fernando_san_cristóbal_schott
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_núñez_kocher
recruit_character = CHL_enrique_larrañaga_martin
recruit_character = CHL_edmundo_gonzález_robles
recruit_character = CHL_name_name
recruit_character = CHL_unamed
