recruit_character = CZE_andrej_babiš
recruit_character = CZE_petr_fiala
recruit_character = CZE_ivan_bartoš
recruit_character = CZE_tomio_okamura
recruit_character = CZE_vojtěch_filip
recruit_character = CZE_milan_chovanec
recruit_character = CZE_petr_gazdík
recruit_character = CZE_josef_becvar
recruit_character = CZE_miroslav_zizka
recruit_character = CZE_ales_opata
recruit_character = CZE_frantisek_maleninsky
recruit_character = CZE_josef_bečvář
recruit_character = CZE_vlastimil_picek
recruit_character = CZE_jiří_baloun
recruit_character = CZE_Štefan_kaleta
recruit_character = CZE_milan_virt
recruit_character = CZE_gabriel_kovacs
recruit_character = CZE_františek_maleninský
recruit_character = CZE_petr_mikulenka
recruit_character = CZE_Štefan_muránský
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_kocián
recruit_character = CZE_ján_gurník
recruit_character = CZE_ivo_střecha
recruit_character = CZE_jaromír_Šebesta
recruit_character = CZE_petr_hromek
recruit_character = CZE_zuzana_Špačková
recruit_character = CZE_pavel_kříž
recruit_character = CZE_vratislav_beran
recruit_character = CZE_karel_Řehka
recruit_character = CZE_jaromír_alan
recruit_character = CZE_jaromír_zůna
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_trakal
recruit_character = CZE_františek_ridzák
recruit_character = CZE_zoltán_bubeník
recruit_character = CZE_josef_kopecký
recruit_character = CZE_roman_náhončík
recruit_character = CZE_miroslav_hlaváč
recruit_character = CZE_jiří_adamec
recruit_character = CZE_pavel_lipka
recruit_character = CZE_robert_bielený
recruit_character = CZE_josef_havlík
recruit_character = CZE_name_name
recruit_character = CZE_unamed
