recruit_character = ECU_lenín_moreno
recruit_character = ECU_rafael_correa
recruit_character = ECU_guillermo_lasso
recruit_character = ECU_pascual_del_cioppo
recruit_character = ECU_mauricio_rodas
recruit_character = ECU_marlon_santi
recruit_character = ECU_leonardo_barreiro
recruit_character = ECU_césar_merizalde_pavón
recruit_character = ECU_edison_narváez_rosero
recruit_character = ECU_raúl_banderas_dueñas
recruit_character = ECU_william_orellana_carrera
recruit_character = ECU_roque_moreira
recruit_character = ECU_fabián_fuel
recruit_character = ECU_renán_ruíz_cornejo
recruit_character = ECU_amilcar_villavicencio
recruit_character = ECU_byron_jara_guerron
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_noboa_coronel
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_zumarraga_asanza
recruit_character = ECU_darwin_cisneros
recruit_character = ECU_fidel_erazo_jacome
recruit_character = ECU_francisco_bruque_veliz
recruit_character = ECU_galo_carrillo_moya
recruit_character = ECU_harold_salvador_cadena
recruit_character = ECU_jorge_echeverria_bucheli
recruit_character = ECU_marie_fares_cantos
recruit_character = ECU_name_name
recruit_character = ECU_unamed
