recruit_character = ENG_theresa_may
recruit_character = ENG_jeremy_corbyn
recruit_character = ENG_vince_cable
recruit_character = ENG_henry_bolton
recruit_character = ENG_catherine_blaiklock
recruit_character = ENG_adam_walker
recruit_character = ENG_elizabeth_ii
recruit_character = ENG_adam_brown
recruit_character = ENG_caroline_lucas
recruit_character = ENG_peter_taaffe
recruit_character = ENG_robert_griffiths
recruit_character = ENG_anjem_choudary
recruit_character = ENG_sir_stuart_peach
recruit_character = ENG_patrick_sanders
recruit_character = ENG_sir_richard_shirreff
recruit_character = ENG_sir_christopher_deverell
recruit_character = ENG_glenn_haughton
recruit_character = ENG_paul_anthony_edward_nanson
recruit_character = ENG_andrew_hughes
recruit_character = ENG_philip_napier
recruit_character = ENG_mike_elviss
recruit_character = ENG_tom_beckett
recruit_character = ENG_richard_william_dennis
recruit_character = ENG_bob_bruce
recruit_character = ENG_colin_weir
recruit_character = ENG_ralph_wooddisse
recruit_character = ENG_charlie_herbert
recruit_character = ENG_richard_felton
recruit_character = ENG_tyrone_urch
recruit_character = ENG_alastair_aitken
recruit_character = ENG_david_neal
recruit_character = ENG_benjamin_bathurst
recruit_character = ENG_mike_walliker
recruit_character = ENG_james_illingworth
recruit_character = ENG_russell_la_forte
recruit_character = ENG_james_robert_chiswell
recruit_character = ENG_oliver_stokes
recruit_character = ENG_andy_hadfield
recruit_character = ENG_david_middleton
recruit_character = ENG_sir_stephen_hillier
recruit_character = ENG_robert_magowan
recruit_character = ENG_matt_pierson
recruit_character = ENG_richard_cantrill
recruit_character = ENG_graeme_fraser
recruit_character = ENG_tony_turner
recruit_character = ENG_paul_lynch
recruit_character = ENG_graeme_armour
recruit_character = ENG_ed_davis
recruit_character = ENG_patrick_cordingley
recruit_character = ENG_michael_rose
recruit_character = ENG_peter_wall
recruit_character = ENG_richard_dannatt
recruit_character = ENG_rupert_smith
recruit_character = ENG_jock_slater
recruit_character = ENG_mark_stanhope
recruit_character = ENG_michael_boyce
recruit_character = ENG_philip_jones
recruit_character = ENG_duncan_potts
recruit_character = ENG_alasdair_walker
recruit_character = ENG_ben_key
recruit_character = ENG_jonathan_woodcock
recruit_character = ENG_tom_karsten
recruit_character = ENG_paul_bennett
recruit_character = ENG_robert_tarrant
recruit_character = ENG_alex_burton
recruit_character = ENG_john_weale
recruit_character = ENG_simon_williams
recruit_character = ENG_john_clink
