recruit_character = EST_helirvaldor_seeder
recruit_character = EST_hanno_pevkur
recruit_character = EST_jüri_ratas
recruit_character = EST_mart_helme
recruit_character = EST_jevgeni_ossinovski
recruit_character = EST_sven_sildnik
recruit_character = EST_züleyxa_izmailova
recruit_character = EST_riho_terras
recruit_character = EST_indrek_sirel
recruit_character = EST_neeme_väli
recruit_character = EST_martin_herem
recruit_character = EST_veikovello_palm
recruit_character = EST_janno_märk
recruit_character = EST_arno_kruusmann
recruit_character = EST_arbo_probal
recruit_character = EST_priit_pikner
recruit_character = EST_sten_allik
recruit_character = EST_andré_lilleleht
recruit_character = EST_toomas_pindis
recruit_character = EST_eero_rebo
recruit_character = EST_roman_lukas
recruit_character = EST_riho_Ühtegi
recruit_character = EST_jaak_tarien
recruit_character = EST_meelis_kiili
recruit_character = EST_peeter_hoppe
recruit_character = EST_artur_tiganik
recruit_character = EST_aivar_kokka
recruit_character = EST_peeter_tali
recruit_character = EST_jüri_saska
recruit_character = EST_ain_pärna
recruit_character = EST_sten_sepper
recruit_character = EST_igor_schvede
recruit_character = EST_name_name
recruit_character = EST_unamed
