recruit_character = FIN_juha_sipilä
recruit_character = FIN_jussi_hallaaho
recruit_character = FIN_petteri_orpo
recruit_character = FIN_antti_rinne
recruit_character = FIN_otto_rutanen
recruit_character = FIN_henri_aitakari
recruit_character = FIN_sari_essayah
recruit_character = FIN_touko_aalto
recruit_character = FIN_li_andersson
recruit_character = FIN_juhapekka_väisänen
recruit_character = FIN_seppo_toivonen
recruit_character = FIN_jarmo_lindberg
recruit_character = FIN_petri_hulkko
recruit_character = FIN_pekka_järvi
recruit_character = FIN_ahti_kurvinen
recruit_character = FIN_antti_lehtisalo
recruit_character = FIN_vesa_virtanen
recruit_character = FIN_jari_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_artopekka_nurminen
recruit_character = FIN_ali_mättölä
recruit_character = FIN_ilkka_laitinen
recruit_character = FIN_kim_jäämeri
recruit_character = FIN_kyösti_halonen
recruit_character = FIN_eero_pyötsiä
recruit_character = FIN_timo_kivinen
recruit_character = FIN_markku_myllykangas
recruit_character = FIN_pasi_velimäki
recruit_character = FIN_timo_kakkola
recruit_character = FIN_sampo_eskelinen
recruit_character = FIN_harri_ohraaho
recruit_character = FIN_kjell_törner
recruit_character = FIN_esa_pulkkinen
recruit_character = FIN_juha_rannikko
recruit_character = FIN_kari_takanen
recruit_character = FIN_veijo_teipalus
recruit_character = FIN_erkki_mikkola
recruit_character = FIN_juha_vauhkonen
recruit_character = FIN_timo_hirvonen
recruit_character = FIN_name_name
recruit_character = FIN_unamed
