recruit_character = FRA_olivier_faure
recruit_character = FRA_laurent_wauquiez
recruit_character = FRA_marine_le_pen
recruit_character = FRA_alain_soral
recruit_character = FRA_jeanfrançois_simon
recruit_character = FRA_jeanluc_mélenchon
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_laurent
recruit_character = FRA_françois_bayrou
recruit_character = FRA_david_cormand
recruit_character = FRA_louis_alphonse_de_bourbon
recruit_character = FRA_emmanuel_macron
recruit_character = FRA_jeanpierre_bosser
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_chavancy
recruit_character = FRA_bertrand_ractmadoux
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_de_villiers
recruit_character = FRA_arnaud_sainteclaire_deville
recruit_character = FRA_françois_labuze
recruit_character = FRA_franck_boudet
recruit_character = FRA_christophe_bizien
recruit_character = FRA_loïc_girard
recruit_character = FRA_pascal_ianni
recruit_character = FRA_thomas_mollard
recruit_character = FRA_etienne_du_peyroux
recruit_character = FRA_françois_régis_jaminet
recruit_character = FRA_hervé_bizeul
recruit_character = FRA_jeanjacques_fatinet
recruit_character = FRA_guillaume_de_sercey
recruit_character = FRA_guillaume_venard
recruit_character = FRA_nicolas_casanova
recruit_character = FRA_benoit_durieux
recruit_character = FRA_Éric_bellot_des_minières
recruit_character = FRA_jeanfrédéric_lenoble
recruit_character = FRA_eric_maury
recruit_character = FRA_jeanfrançois_lafont_rapnouil
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_liot_de_nortbecourt
recruit_character = FRA_jean_maurin
recruit_character = FRA_christophe_prazuck
recruit_character = FRA_marc_de_briancon
recruit_character = FRA_denis_beraud
recruit_character = FRA_bruno_thouvenin
recruit_character = FRA_françois_rebourd
recruit_character = FRA_louismichel_guillaume
recruit_character = FRA_charleshenri_du_ché
recruit_character = FRA_pascal_ausseur
recruit_character = FRA_emmanuel_de_oliveira
recruit_character = FRA_jeanbaptiste_dupuis
recruit_character = FRA_name_name
