recruit_character = GER_angela_merkel
recruit_character = GER_andrea_nahles
recruit_character = GER_alexander_gauland
recruit_character = GER_frank_franz
recruit_character = GER_georg_friedrich
recruit_character = GER_christian_lindner
recruit_character = GER_carsten_sawosch
recruit_character = GER_simone_peter
recruit_character = GER_katja_kipping
recruit_character = GER_klaus_armstroff
recruit_character = GER_patrik_köbele
recruit_character = GER_ibrahim_abounagie
recruit_character = GER_volker_wieker
recruit_character = GER_wolfgang_schneiderhan
recruit_character = GER_hanspeter_von_kirchbach
recruit_character = GER_bruno_kasdorf
recruit_character = GER_jörg_vollmer
recruit_character = GER_martin_schelleis
recruit_character = GER_richard_roßmanith
recruit_character = GER_hanserich_antoni
recruit_character = GER_joachim_wundrak
recruit_character = GER_peter_bohrer
recruit_character = GER_helmut_schütz
recruit_character = GER_eberhard_zorn
recruit_character = GER_ansgar_rieks
recruit_character = GER_dieter_warnecke
recruit_character = GER_josef_blotz
recruit_character = GER_dieter_naskrent
recruit_character = GER_karl_müllner
recruit_character = GER_klaus_reinhardt
recruit_character = GER_karlheinz_lather
recruit_character = GER_joachim_spiering
recruit_character = GER_rainer_schuwirth
recruit_character = GER_dieter_stöckmann
recruit_character = GER_hanslothar_domröse
recruit_character = GER_werner_freers
recruit_character = GER_egon_ramms
recruit_character = GER_wolfdieter_langheld
recruit_character = GER_ludwig_leinhos
recruit_character = GER_hanswerner_wiermann
recruit_character = GER_franz_xaver_pfrengle
recruit_character = GER_stephan_thomas
recruit_character = GER_walter_huhn
recruit_character = GER_gert_gawellek
recruit_character = GER_carsten_jahnel
recruit_character = GER_volker_thomas
recruit_character = GER_christof_munzlinger
recruit_character = GER_bernd_schuett
recruit_character = GER_jürgen_weigt
recruit_character = GER_dirk_backen
recruit_character = GER_andreas_marlow
recruit_character = GER_jürgen_setzer
recruit_character = GER_thorsten_poschwatta
recruit_character = GER_udo_schnittker
recruit_character = GER_alexander_sollfrank
recruit_character = GER_dirk_faust
recruit_character = GER_markus_laubenthal
recruit_character = GER_ruprecht_von_butler
recruit_character = GER_heico_hübner
recruit_character = GER_frank_leidenberger
recruit_character = GER_gert_hagemann
recruit_character = GER_walter_spindler
recruit_character = GER_manfred_hofmann
recruit_character = GER_dag_baehr
recruit_character = GER_carsten_jacobson
recruit_character = GER_erich_pfeffer
recruit_character = GER_erhard_bühler
recruit_character = GER_gunter_schneider
recruit_character = GER_jörg_see
recruit_character = GER_markus_kneip
recruit_character = GER_werner_albl
recruit_character = GER_oliver_kohl
recruit_character = GER_kai_rohrschneider
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_grün
recruit_character = GER_manfred_nielson
recruit_character = GER_rainer_feist
recruit_character = GER_axel_meissel
recruit_character = GER_henrik_riechert
recruit_character = GER_axel_schimpf
recruit_character = GER_andreas_krause
recruit_character = GER_joachim_rühle
recruit_character = GER_rainer_brinkmann
recruit_character = GER_carsten_stawitzki
recruit_character = GER_thomas_jugel
recruit_character = GER_jan_christian_kaack
recruit_character = GER_christoph_müllermeinhard
recruit_character = GER_jean_martens
recruit_character = GER_axel_deertz
recruit_character = GER_jens_nemeyer
recruit_character = GER_kayachim_schönbach
recruit_character = GER_rainer_endres
