recruit_character = GRE_alexis_tsipras
recruit_character = GRE_kyriakos_mitsotakis
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_michaloliakos
recruit_character = GRE_fofi_gennimata
recruit_character = GRE_dimitris_koutsoumpas
recruit_character = GRE_stavros_theodorakis
recruit_character = GRE_kyriakos_velopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_panos_kammenos
recruit_character = GRE_vasilis_leventis
recruit_character = GRE_zoe_konstantopoulou
recruit_character = GRE_constantine_ii
recruit_character = GRE_alkiviadis_stefanis
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_iliopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_floros
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_dimitrios_christopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_vasileios_tellidis
recruit_character = GRE_andreas_iliopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_oikonomou
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_manouris
recruit_character = GRE_dimokritos_zervakis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_vasiliadis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kambas
recruit_character = GRE_antonios_nomikos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_bikos
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_manolakos
recruit_character = GRE_menelaos_meimaris
recruit_character = GRE_christos_christodolou
recruit_character = GRE_evangelos_apostolakis
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_tsounis
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_pavlopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_diakopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_kafetsis
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_korakakis
recruit_character = GRE_efthymios_mikros
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_pelekanakis
recruit_character = GRE_stavros_banos
recruit_character = GRE_aristidis_alexopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_name_name
