recruit_character = HUN_viktor_orbán
recruit_character = HUN_gábor_vona
recruit_character = HUN_bertalan_tóth
recruit_character = HUN_bernadett_szél
recruit_character = HUN_zsolt_semjén
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_gyurcsány
recruit_character = HUN_péter_juhász
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_thürmer
recruit_character = HUN_szilárd_kalmár
recruit_character = HUN_tibor_benkő
recruit_character = HUN_albert_sáfár
recruit_character = HUN_attila_takács
recruit_character = HUN_gabor_horvath
recruit_character = HUN_tamás_fekete
recruit_character = HUN_józsef_szpisják
recruit_character = HUN_romulusz_ruszin
recruit_character = HUN_lászló_drót
recruit_character = HUN_józsef_kovács
recruit_character = HUN_jószef_horvath
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_fucsku
recruit_character = HUN_lászló_domján
recruit_character = HUN_jános_huszár
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_mihocza
recruit_character = HUN_lászló_gangler
recruit_character = HUN_name_name
recruit_character = HUN_unamed
