recruit_character = IRQ_muqtada_alsadr
recruit_character = IRQ_raid_jahid_fahmi
recruit_character = IRQ_hadi_alamiri
recruit_character = IRQ_haider_alabadi
recruit_character = IRQ_nouri_almaliki
recruit_character = IRQ_ayad_allawi
recruit_character = IRQ_osama_alnujaifi
recruit_character = IRQ_izzat_ibrahim_aldouri
recruit_character = IRQ_raad_bin_zeid
recruit_character = IRQ_othman_al_ghanimi
recruit_character = IRQ_babaker_zebari
recruit_character = IRQ_qassi_jassem_nazal
recruit_character = IRQ_abud_qanbar
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_hassan_almajid
recruit_character = IRQ_mutaa_al_khazraji
recruit_character = IRQ_ahmed_hashim
recruit_character = IRQ_othman_ali_farhood
recruit_character = IRQ_hamid_al_maliki
recruit_character = IRQ_abdel_wahal_al_saadi
recruit_character = IRQ_qassim_atta
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_ghaidan_majid
recruit_character = IRQ_fadhil_jalil_al_barwari
recruit_character = IRQ_nassir_al_hiti
recruit_character = IRQ_najm_abdullah_alsudani
recruit_character = IRQ_sultan_hashim
recruit_character = IRQ_sabah_al_fatlawi
recruit_character = IRQ_talib_shaghati
recruit_character = IRQ_saad_maan
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_hussain_ali
recruit_character = IRQ_name_name
recruit_character = IRQ_unamed
