recruit_character = ISR_benjamin_netanyahu
recruit_character = ISR_avi_gabbay
recruit_character = ISR_aryeh_deri
recruit_character = ISR_avigdor_lieberman
recruit_character = ISR_yair_lapid
recruit_character = ISR_moshe_feiglin
recruit_character = ISR_tamar_zandberg
recruit_character = ISR_jamal_zahalka
recruit_character = ISR_ayman_odeh
recruit_character = ISR_raed_salah
recruit_character = ISR_benzion_gopstein
recruit_character = ISR_yitzchak_ginsburgh
recruit_character = ISR_gabi_ashkenazi
recruit_character = ISR_benjamin_gantz
recruit_character = ISR_gadi_eizenkot
recruit_character = ISR_dan_harel
recruit_character = ISR_dani_halutz
recruit_character = ISR_yoav_galant
recruit_character = ISR_doron_almog
recruit_character = ISR_shaul_mofaz
recruit_character = ISR_moshe_yaalon
recruit_character = ISR_amir_eshel
recruit_character = ISR_yair_golan
recruit_character = ISR_amikam_norkin
recruit_character = ISR_hagai_topolansky
recruit_character = ISR_kobi_barak
recruit_character = ISR_aviv_kochavi
recruit_character = ISR_yoel_strik
recruit_character = ISR_itzik_turgeman
recruit_character = ISR_ghassan_alian
recruit_character = ISR_nadav_lotan
recruit_character = ISR_nitzan_alon
recruit_character = ISR_dan_goldfus
recruit_character = ISR_guy_hazut
recruit_character = ISR_nimrod_aloni
recruit_character = ISR_amir_baram
recruit_character = ISR_david_zini
recruit_character = ISR_lior_karmeli
recruit_character = ISR_amir_abulafia
recruit_character = ISR_moti_almoz
recruit_character = ISR_tamir_yadai
recruit_character = ISR_muni_katz
recruit_character = ISR_nadav_padan
recruit_character = ISR_eyal_zamir
recruit_character = ISR_amos_hacohen
recruit_character = ISR_mickey_edelstein
recruit_character = ISR_roi_elkabetz
recruit_character = ISR_eli_pollack
recruit_character = ISR_yaacov_shahrbani
recruit_character = ISR_shahar_sochat
recruit_character = ISR_eli_sharvit
recruit_character = ISR_ram_rothberg
recruit_character = ISR_dror_friedman
