recruit_character = ITA_paolo_gentiloni
recruit_character = ITA_matteo_salvini
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_di_maio
recruit_character = ITA_silvio_berlusconi
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_grasso
recruit_character = ITA_emma_bonino
recruit_character = ITA_giulio_santagata
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_zanetti
recruit_character = ITA_giorgia_meloni
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele
recruit_character = ITA_claudio_graziano
recruit_character = ITA_claudio_mora
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_serino
recruit_character = ITA_leonardo_di_marco
recruit_character = ITA_riccardo_marchi√≤
recruit_character = ITA_danilo_errico
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_francavilla
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_volatto
recruit_character = ITA_fabrizio_castagnetti
recruit_character = ITA_filiberto_cecchi
recruit_character = ITA_biagio_abrate
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_mannino
recruit_character = ITA_bruno_stano
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_francesco_de_leverano
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_sperotto
recruit_character = ITA_marcello_bellacicco
recruit_character = ITA_luca_felicissimo
recruit_character = ITA_marco_bertolini
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_fortezza
recruit_character = ITA_alessandro_grassano
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_primicerj
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_vittiglio
recruit_character = ITA_antonino_poma
recruit_character = ITA_gianpaolo_mirra
recruit_character = ITA_gianluca_carai
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_settesoldi
recruit_character = ITA_nicola_terzano
recruit_character = ITA_federico_bonato
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_fabbri
recruit_character = ITA_allessandro_scano
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_santoro
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_musti
recruit_character = ITA_aldo_mezzalana
recruit_character = ITA_gianluigi_de_matteis
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_scardino
recruit_character = ITA_marco_piacentini
recruit_character = ITA_andrea_di_stasio
recruit_character = ITA_gianfranco_lauria_pantano
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_perretti
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_vannacci
recruit_character = ITA_aurelio_tassi
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_di_pasquale
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cillo
recruit_character = ITA_massimiliano_stecca
recruit_character = ITA_antonello_vespeziani
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_angioni
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_rossitto
recruit_character = ITA_agostino_biancafarini
recruit_character = ITA_salvatore_camporeale
recruit_character = ITA_enzo_vecciarelli
recruit_character = ITA_tullio_del_sette
recruit_character = ITA_vincenzo_coppola
recruit_character = ITA_giorgio_toschi
recruit_character = ITA_filippo_ritondale
recruit_character = ITA_gabriele_lupini
recruit_character = ITA_valter_girardelli
recruit_character = ITA_vincenzo_melone
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_pezzuti
recruit_character = ITA_donato_marzano
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_de_giorgi
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_tortora
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_mascia
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_binelli_mantelli
recruit_character = ITA_giampaolo_di_paola
recruit_character = ITA_felicio_angrisano
recruit_character = ITA_name_name
recruit_character = ITA_unamed
