recruit_character = JAP_shinzo_abe
recruit_character = JAP_yukio_edano
recruit_character = JAP_natsuo_yamaguchi
recruit_character = JAP_ichiro_matsui
recruit_character = JAP_kazuo_shii
recruit_character = JAP_tadatomo_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_ichiro_ozawa
recruit_character = JAP_masashi_nakano
recruit_character = JAP_akihito
recruit_character = JAP_kiyofumi_iwata
recruit_character = JAP_toshiya_okabe
recruit_character = JAP_makiya_ota
recruit_character = JAP_kazuaki_sumida
recruit_character = JAP_takayuki_onozuka
recruit_character = JAP_jiro_hiroe
recruit_character = JAP_ichiro_kawasaki
recruit_character = JAP_masahiro_nagai
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_kobayashi
recruit_character = JAP_katsutoshi_kawano
recruit_character = JAP_tomohisa_takei
recruit_character = JAP_yoshihisa_inui
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_nishimura
recruit_character = JAP_keiji_akahoshi
recruit_character = JAP_name_name
recruit_character = JAP_unamed
