recruit_character = LAT_arturs_krisjanis_karins
recruit_character = LAT_vjaceslavs_dombrovskis
recruit_character = LAT_maris_kucinskis
recruit_character = LAT_roberts_zile
recruit_character = LAT_aldis_gobzems
recruit_character = LAT_juris_pūce
recruit_character = LAT_vladimirs_frolovs
recruit_character = LAT_leonīds_kalniņš
recruit_character = LAT_juris_zeibārts
recruit_character = LAT_ilmārs_atis_lejiņš
recruit_character = LAT_ainārs_ozoliņš
recruit_character = LAT_normunds_aleksis
recruit_character = LAT_jānis_gailis
recruit_character = LAT_viktors_kareckis
recruit_character = LAT_gvido_brenneris
recruit_character = LAT_brigita_gulbe
recruit_character = LAT_raivis_melnis
recruit_character = LAT_juris_ušackis
recruit_character = LAT_armands_saltups
recruit_character = LAT_mārtiņš_liberts
recruit_character = LAT_ingus_vizulis
recruit_character = LAT_kaspars_zelčs
recruit_character = LAT_hermanis_Černovs
recruit_character = LAT_name_name
recruit_character = LAT_unamed
