recruit_character = LBA_fayez_alsarraj
recruit_character = LBA_mohamed_sowan
recruit_character = LBA_mahmoud_jibril
recruit_character = LBA_ali_zeidan
recruit_character = LBA_mohamed_ali_abdallah
recruit_character = LBA_muftah_lamlum
recruit_character = LBA_mohammed_el_senussi
recruit_character = LBA_khalifa_haftar
recruit_character = LBA_yousef_mangoush
recruit_character = LBA_khamis_gaddafi
recruit_character = LBA_suleiman_mahmoud
recruit_character = LBA_abubakr_younis_jaber
recruit_character = LBA_mohamed_elmismari
recruit_character = LBA_fatah_younis_alobeidi
recruit_character = LBA_ahmed_oun
recruit_character = LBA_mohammed_bougfir
recruit_character = LBA_alsaadi_gaddafi
recruit_character = LBA_massoud_abdelhafid
recruit_character = LBA_almahdi_albarghathi
recruit_character = LBA_abdolazim_ahmad
recruit_character = LBA_name_name
recruit_character = LBA_unamed
