recruit_character = MAC_zoran_zaev
recruit_character = MAC_hristijan_mickoski
recruit_character = MAC_ali_ahmeti
recruit_character = MAC_metodija_velichkovski
recruit_character = MAC_muhamet_islam_racaj
recruit_character = MAC_mirche_gjorgoski
recruit_character = MAC_ljupcho_stojkov
recruit_character = MAC_ferdo_pavlov
recruit_character = MAC_sasho_janev
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_jovanovski
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_ilov
recruit_character = MAC_toni_janevski
recruit_character = MAC_sasho_kocevski
recruit_character = MAC_zhivko_despotovski
recruit_character = MAC_dushko_nestorov
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_dodevski
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_mileski
recruit_character = MAC_pavle_arsoski
recruit_character = MAC_azim_nuredin
recruit_character = MAC_ljubencho_petrovski
recruit_character = MAC_orce_jordev
recruit_character = MAC_besnik_emini
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_filipovski
recruit_character = MAC_marjan_masevski
recruit_character = MAC_sasha_petrushevski
recruit_character = MAC_ivan_atanasovski
recruit_character = MAC_goran_kjirkovikj
recruit_character = MAC_marjan_simonovski
recruit_character = MAC_mile_donev
recruit_character = MAC_goran_petrushevski
recruit_character = MAC_boro_latkoski
recruit_character = MAC_ivica_cvetkovski
recruit_character = MAC_toni_zlatevski
recruit_character = MAC_vasil_mitevski
recruit_character = MAC_robert_malezanski
recruit_character = MAC_name_name
recruit_character = MAC_unamed
