recruit_character = MEX_andrés_manuel_lópez_obrador
recruit_character = MEX_ricardo_anaya
recruit_character = MEX_enrique_peña_nieto
recruit_character = MEX_clemente_castañeda
recruit_character = MEX_hugo_eric_flores_cervantes
recruit_character = MEX_alberto_anaya
recruit_character = MEX_jorge_emilio_gonzález_martínez
recruit_character = MEX_juan_carlos_lópez_lee
recruit_character = MEX_carlos_a._r._munguia
recruit_character = MEX_daniel_velasco_ramirez
recruit_character = MEX_enrique_cervantes_aguirre
recruit_character = MEX_gerardo_clemente_vega_garcia
recruit_character = MEX_gilberto_hernandez_andreu
recruit_character = MEX_guillermo_galvan
recruit_character = MEX_juan_rios_cantu
recruit_character = MEX_roble_arturo_granados_gallardo
recruit_character = MEX_salvador_cienfuegos_zepeda
recruit_character = MEX_tomas_angeles_dauahare
recruit_character = MEX_jose_ramon_lorenzo
recruit_character = MEX_marco_antonio_peyrot_gonzalez
recruit_character = MEX_mariano_francisco_saynez_mendoza
recruit_character = MEX_vidal_francisco_soberon_sanz
recruit_character = MEX_name_name
recruit_character = MEX_unamed
