recruit_character = MNT_duško_marković
recruit_character = MNT_andrija_mandić
recruit_character = MNT_aleksa_bečić
recruit_character = MNT_ranko_krivokapić
recruit_character = MNT_miodrag_lekić
recruit_character = MNT_zoran_radošević
recruit_character = MNT_nicholas_ii
recruit_character = MNT_ljubiša_jokić
recruit_character = MNT_jovan_lakčević
recruit_character = MNT_ilija_daković
recruit_character = MNT_Živko_pejović
recruit_character = MNT_darko_vuković
recruit_character = MNT_dragan_samardžić
recruit_character = MNT_name_name
recruit_character = MNT_unamed
recruit_character = MNT_pot
recruit_character = MNT_aco2
recruit_character = MNT_mt
recruit_character = MNT_ar
recruit_character = MNT_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MNT_acd2
recruit_character = MNT_ncm
recruit_character = MNT_ai2
recruit_character = MNT_acas
recruit_character = MNT_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MNT_aa2
recruit_character = MNT_awt
recruit_character = MNT_coi
recruit_character = MNT_stc
recruit_character = MNT_acgs
recruit_character = MNT_nccr
recruit_character = MNT_ncs
recruit_character = MNT_nt
recruit_character = MNT_communist_guy
recruit_character = MNT_acr
