recruit_character = NGA_muhammadu_buhari
recruit_character = NGA_atiku_abubakar
recruit_character = NGA_abubakar_shekau
recruit_character = NGA_t.y._buratai
recruit_character = NGA_k.t.j._minimah
recruit_character = NGA_a._oyebade
recruit_character = NGA_c.m._abraham
recruit_character = NGA_p.j._dauke
recruit_character = NGA_e.o._udoh
recruit_character = NGA_v.o._ezugwu
recruit_character = NGA_e.b._oyefolu
recruit_character = NGA_a.b._abubakar
recruit_character = NGA_m.a._koleoso
recruit_character = NGA_s._abubakar
recruit_character = NGA_kenneth_minimah
recruit_character = NGA_martin_luther_agwai
recruit_character = NGA_abayomi_olonisakin
recruit_character = NGA_abdulrahman_bello_dambazau
recruit_character = NGA_alexander_ogomudia
recruit_character = NGA_andrew_azazi
recruit_character = NGA_turker_yusuf_buratai
recruit_character = NGA_d._j._ezeoba
recruit_character = NGA_ishaya_ibrahim
recruit_character = NGA_u._o._jibrin
recruit_character = NGA_i.e._ibas
recruit_character = NGA_u.o._jibrin
recruit_character = NGA_name_name
recruit_character = NGA_unamed
