recruit_character = NOR_jonas_gahr_store
recruit_character = NOR_erna_solberg
recruit_character = NOR_siv_jensen
recruit_character = NOR_trygve_slagsvold_vedum
recruit_character = NOR_audun_lysbakken
recruit_character = NOR_knut_arild_hareide
recruit_character = NOR_une_aina_bastholm
recruit_character = NOR_bjørnar_moxnes
recruit_character = NOR_tore_tvedt
recruit_character = NOR_makvan_kasheikal
recruit_character = NOR_harald_v
recruit_character = NOR_ubaydullah_hussain
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_bruunhanssen
recruit_character = NOR_erik_gustafsson
recruit_character = NOR_robert_mood
recruit_character = NOR_harald_sunde
recruit_character = NOR_anders_jernberg
recruit_character = NOR_arild_dregelid
recruit_character = NOR_eldar_berli
recruit_character = NOR_inge_kampenes
recruit_character = NOR_ivar_sakserud
recruit_character = NOR_jan_erik_thoresen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_frederik_geiner
recruit_character = NOR_jan_per_ole_janitz
recruit_character = NOR_jon_ivar_kjellin
recruit_character = NOR_kjell_grandhagen
recruit_character = NOR_kurt_pedersen
recruit_character = NOR_lars_christian_aamodt
recruit_character = NOR_morten_haga_lunde
recruit_character = NOR_nils_johan_holte
recruit_character = NOR_ingvar_seland
recruit_character = NOR_frode_kristoffersen
recruit_character = NOR_oddandreas_søbstad
recruit_character = NOR_odin_johannessen
recruit_character = NOR_ole_asbjørn_fauske
recruit_character = NOR_per_egil_rygg
recruit_character = NOR_petter_jansen
recruit_character = NOR_rolf_erik_bjerk
recruit_character = NOR_tor_rune_jakobsen
recruit_character = NOR_tom_guttormsen
recruit_character = NOR_tonje_skinnarland
recruit_character = NOR_tor_rune_raabye
recruit_character = NOR_yngve_odlo
recruit_character = NOR_janerik_haug
recruit_character = NOR_ivar_halset
recruit_character = NOR_aril_brandvik
recruit_character = NOR_ingrid_gjerde
recruit_character = NOR_ole_johan_skogmo
recruit_character = NOR_roy_helge_olsen
recruit_character = NOR_svein_harald_halvorsen
recruit_character = NOR_louise_kathrine_dedichen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_knudtzon_sommerfeltpetersen
recruit_character = NOR_ketil_olsen
recruit_character = NOR_lars_saunes
recruit_character = NOR_per_rostad
recruit_character = NOR_nils_andreas_stensønes
recruit_character = NOR_henning_amundsen
recruit_character = NOR_håkon_tronstad
recruit_character = NOR_trond_grytting
recruit_character = NOR_bernt_grimstvedt
recruit_character = NOR_sverre_nordahl_engeness
