recruit_character = NZL_hazim_arafeh
recruit_character = NZL_colin_kingansell
recruit_character = NZL_winston_peters
recruit_character = NZL_leighton_baker
recruit_character = NZL_bill_english
recruit_character = NZL_david_seymour
recruit_character = NZL_james_shaw
recruit_character = NZL_marama_fox
recruit_character = NZL_jacinda_ardern
recruit_character = NZL_hone_harawira
recruit_character = NZL_felicity_coggan
recruit_character = NZL_kevin_short
recruit_character = NZL_clive_douglas
recruit_character = NZL_michael_shapland
recruit_character = NZL_tim_keating
recruit_character = NZL_richard_rhys_jones
recruit_character = NZL_peter_kelly
recruit_character = NZL_christopher_parsons
recruit_character = NZL_christopher_faulls
recruit_character = NZL_tony_davies
recruit_character = NZL_tim_gall
recruit_character = NZL_danny_broughton
recruit_character = NZL_john_martin
recruit_character = NZL_wayne_dyke
recruit_character = NZL_david_gibbs
recruit_character = NZL_jim_gilmour
recruit_character = NZL_name_name
