recruit_character = POL_mateusz_morawiecki
recruit_character = POL_grzegorz_schetyna
recruit_character = POL_janusz_korwinmikke
recruit_character = POL_katarzyna_lubnauer
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_kosiniakkamysz
recruit_character = POL_adam_gmurczyk
recruit_character = POL_malgorzata_tracz
recruit_character = POL_wlodzimierz_czarzasty
recruit_character = POL_collective_leadership
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_szwej
recruit_character = POL_marek_tomaszycki
recruit_character = POL_czeslaw_piatas
recruit_character = POL_franciszek_gagor
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_bieniek
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_gocul
recruit_character = POL_bronislaw_kwiatkowski
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_cieniuch
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_korweta
recruit_character = POL_roman_krzyżelewski
recruit_character = POL_tomasz_mathera
recruit_character = POL_leszek_surawski
recruit_character = POL_zbigniew_głowienka
recruit_character = POL_michał_sikora
recruit_character = POL_jarosław_mika
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_czosnek
recruit_character = POL_rajmund_andrzejczak
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_malinowski
recruit_character = POL_marek_sokołowski
recruit_character = POL_grzegorz_hałupka
recruit_character = POL_ryszard_pietras
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_kaczyński
recruit_character = POL_dariusz_Żuchowski
recruit_character = POL_sławomir_mąkosa
recruit_character = POL_szymon_lepiarz
recruit_character = POL_marek_golan
recruit_character = POL_marcin_maj
recruit_character = POL_jacek_kwiatkowski
recruit_character = POL_bogdan_kula
recruit_character = POL_lech_majewski
recruit_character = POL_sławomir_kałuziński
recruit_character = POL_sławomir_wojciechowski
recruit_character = POL_piotr_patalong
recruit_character = POL_jerzy_gut
recruit_character = POL_wiesław_kukuła
recruit_character = POL_michał_strzelecki
recruit_character = POL_ryszard_demczuk
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_teryfter
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_jaworski
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_zarychta
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_zdonek
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_drybczewski
recruit_character = POL_name_name
recruit_character = POL_unamed
