recruit_character = ROM_mihai_tudose
recruit_character = ROM_ludovic_orban
recruit_character = ROM_dan_barna
recruit_character = ROM_călin_popescutăriceanu
recruit_character = ROM_dănuţ_pop
recruit_character = ROM_robert_bugă
recruit_character = ROM_victor_iovici
recruit_character = ROM_tudor_ionescu
recruit_character = ROM_constantin_rotaru
recruit_character = ROM_margareta
recruit_character = ROM_scarlat_dmitru
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_ciuca
recruit_character = ROM_botea_marian
recruit_character = ROM_petricalucian_foca
recruit_character = ROM_eugen_badalan
recruit_character = ROM_ioan_manci
recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_marin
recruit_character = ROM_alexandru_mirsu
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_ionel_ciucă
recruit_character = ROM_dumitru_scarlat
recruit_character = ROM_marius_harabagiu
recruit_character = ROM_marian_botea
recruit_character = ROM_mirceadan_Şuta
recruit_character = ROM_florinel_damian
recruit_character = ROM_tudorică_petrache
recruit_character = ROM_adrian_soci
recruit_character = ROM_virgilovidiu_pop
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_tonu
recruit_character = ROM_ovidiu_ufaleanu
recruit_character = ROM_laurian_anastasof
recruit_character = ROM_daniel_capatina
recruit_character = ROM_valentin_iacoblev
recruit_character = ROM_bogdan_dumitrescu
recruit_character = ROM_auraşliviu_coman
recruit_character = ROM_marius_bogdan_mitric
recruit_character = ROM_vasile_savulescu
recruit_character = ROM_cornel_rogozan
recruit_character = ROM_valeriu_simionov
recruit_character = ROM_aurelian_popoiu
recruit_character = ROM_name_name
recruit_character = ROM_unamed
