recruit_character = SAF_jacob_zuma
recruit_character = SAF_mmusi_maimane
recruit_character = SAF_julius_malema
recruit_character = SAF_mangosuthu_buthelezi
recruit_character = SAF_pieter_groenewald
recruit_character = SAF_kenneth_meshoe
recruit_character = SAF_luthando_mbinda
recruit_character = SAF_mosiuoa_lekota
recruit_character = SAF_ganief_hendricks
recruit_character = SAF_lindile_yam
recruit_character = SAF_gerhard_kamffer
recruit_character = SAF_godfrey_ngwenya
recruit_character = SAF_solly_shoke
recruit_character = SAF_lawrence_smith
recruit_character = SAF_andre_retief
recruit_character = SAF_willis_nkosi
recruit_character = SAF_rudzani_maphwanya
recruit_character = SAF_samuel_hlongwane
recruit_character = SAF_bubele_mhlana
recruit_character = SAF_hanno_teuteberg
recruit_character = SAF_name_name
recruit_character = SAF_unamed
