recruit_character = SLO_robert_fico
recruit_character = SLO_richard_sulík
recruit_character = SLO_igor_matovič
recruit_character = SLO_andrej_danko
recruit_character = SLO_marian_kotleba
recruit_character = SLO_boris_kollár
recruit_character = SLO_pavel_petrik
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_hrdlička
recruit_character = SLO_milan_maxim
recruit_character = SLO_pavel_macko
recruit_character = SLO_ondřej_novosad
recruit_character = SLO_jindřich_joch
recruit_character = SLO_juraj_krištofovič
recruit_character = SLO_ivan_balog
recruit_character = SLO_jan_dreveniak
recruit_character = SLO_miroslav_kocian
recruit_character = SLO_jan_bujnak
recruit_character = SLO_jan_parimucha
recruit_character = SLO_martin_stoklasa
recruit_character = SLO_miroslav_korba
recruit_character = SLO_name_name
recruit_character = SLO_unamed
