recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_putin
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_grudinin
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_zhirinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_andrew_romanov
recruit_character = SOV_boris_titov
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_yavlinsky
recruit_character = SOV_alexei_navalny
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_kasyanov
recruit_character = SOV_gennady_semigin
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_mironov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_savelyev
recruit_character = SOV_valery_gerasimov
recruit_character = SOV_oleg_salyukov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_dvornikov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_chayko
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_serdyukov
recruit_character = SOV_vadim_pankov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_shamanov
recruit_character = SOV_viktor_bondarev
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_karakaev
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_kolpachenko
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_fomin
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_popov
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_bulgakov
recruit_character = SOV_igor_jewgenjewitsch_konaschenkow
recruit_character = SOV_yuryi_sadovenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_shoygu
recruit_character = SOV_igor_sergun
recruit_character = SOV_anatoly_antonov
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_grachev
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_kartapolov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_zarudnitsky
recruit_character = SOV_sergei_surovikin
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_bakin
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_ivanovich_korolev
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_nosatov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_anatolyevich_evmenov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_vitko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_pinchuk
recruit_character = SOV_viktor_chirkov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_vysotskiy
recruit_character = SOV_name_name
