recruit_character = SPR_felipe_vi
recruit_character = SPR_mariano_rajoy
recruit_character = SPR_pedro_sánchez
recruit_character = SPR_pablo_iglesias_turrión
recruit_character = SPR_albert_rivera
recruit_character = SPR_daniel_martinez
recruit_character = SPR_enrique_santiago
recruit_character = SPR_juan_lópez_de_uralde
recruit_character = SPR_manuel_canduela_serrano
recruit_character = SPR_santiago_abascal
recruit_character = SPR_jaime_domínguez_buj
recruit_character = SPR_josé_julio_rodríguez_fernández
recruit_character = SPR_alfredo_ramirez
recruit_character = SPR_bernardo_alvarez
recruit_character = SPR_fernando_gutierrez
recruit_character = SPR_miguel_alcañiz
recruit_character = SPR_pedro_pitarch
recruit_character = SPR_santiago_camarero
recruit_character = SPR_jaime_muñoz
recruit_character = SPR_jose_antonio_ruesta
recruit_character = SPR_name_name
recruit_character = SPR_unamed
