recruit_character = SWE_stefan_löfven
recruit_character = SWE_carl_xvi_gustaf
recruit_character = SWE_simon_lindberg
recruit_character = SWE_jimmie_Åkesson
recruit_character = SWE_gustav_kasselstrand
recruit_character = SWE_jan_björklund
recruit_character = SWE_ulf_kristersson
recruit_character = SWE_annie_lööf
recruit_character = SWE_gustav_fridolin
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_sjöstedt
recruit_character = SWE_robert_mathiasson
recruit_character = SWE_omar_mustafa
recruit_character = SWE_karl_engelbrektson
recruit_character = SWE_micael_bydén
recruit_character = SWE_anders_brännström
recruit_character = SWE_berndt_grundevik
recruit_character = SWE_anders_silwer
recruit_character = SWE_christer_tistam
recruit_character = SWE_michael_nilsson
recruit_character = SWE_mikael_frisell
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_ahlgren
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_teddy_larsson
recruit_character = SWE_roland_ekenberg
recruit_character = SWE_peder_ohlsson
recruit_character = SWE_fredrik_stahlberg
recruit_character = SWE_jan_demarkesse
recruit_character = SWE_johan_pekkari
recruit_character = SWE_mats_helgeson
recruit_character = SWE_anders_svensson
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_alexandersson
recruit_character = SWE_carl_magnus_r._svensson
recruit_character = SWE_dag_lidén
recruit_character = SWE_dennis_gyllensporre
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_lotsne
recruit_character = SWE_lars_karlsson
recruit_character = SWE_mathias_holmqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mattias_hanson
recruit_character = SWE_michael_ginér
recruit_character = SWE_nils_johansson
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_hjorth
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_fredriksson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_pettersson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_sandborg
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_smedman
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_lundgren
recruit_character = SWE_eva_skoog_haslum
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_hagren
recruit_character = SWE_lena_hallin
recruit_character = SWE_jens_nykvist
recruit_character = SWE_erik_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_jan_thörnqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mats_agnéus
recruit_character = SWE_anders_olovsson
