recruit_character = SWI_ueli_maurer
recruit_character = SWI_alain_berset
recruit_character = SWI_ignazio_cassis
recruit_character = SWI_gerhard_pfister
recruit_character = SWI_regula_rytz
recruit_character = SWI_jürg_grossen
recruit_character = SWI_andreas_stahel
recruit_character = SWI_norberto_crivelli
recruit_character = SWI_philippe_rebord
recruit_character = SWI_andré_blattmann
recruit_character = SWI_aldo_c._schellenberg
recruit_character = SWI_jeanpaul_theler
recruit_character = SWI_thomas_kaiser
recruit_character = SWI_daniel_keller
recruit_character = SWI_willy_brülisauer
recruit_character = SWI_peter_baumgartner
recruit_character = SWI_hans_schori
recruit_character = SWI_laurent_michaud
recruit_character = SWI_raynald_droz
recruit_character = SWI_alain_vuitel
recruit_character = SWI_fredy_keller
recruit_character = SWI_hans_schatzmann
recruit_character = SWI_claude_meier
recruit_character = SWI_franz_nager
recruit_character = SWI_daniel_baumgartner
recruit_character = SWI_rené_wellinger
recruit_character = SWI_yvon_langel
recruit_character = SWI_mathias_tüscher
recruit_character = SWI_alexander_kohli
recruit_character = SWI_martin_vögeli
recruit_character = SWI_maurizio_dattrino
recruit_character = SWI_erik_labara
recruit_character = SWI_roland_favre
recruit_character = SWI_hanspeter_walser
recruit_character = SWI_lucas_caduff
recruit_character = SWI_hanspeter_kellerhals
recruit_character = SWI_dominique_andrey
recruit_character = SWI_name_name
recruit_character = SWI_unamed
