recruit_character = SYR_bashar_alassad
recruit_character = SYR_riad_seif
recruit_character = SYR_safwan_alqudsi
recruit_character = SYR_anas_alabdah
recruit_character = SYR_ali_qanso
recruit_character = SYR_ghias_youn_soud
recruit_character = SYR_hanin_nimir
recruit_character = SYR_mohammad_riad_alshaqfeh
recruit_character = SYR_fahd_jassem_al_frej
recruit_character = SYR_dawoud_rajha
recruit_character = SYR_ali_abdullah_ayyoub
recruit_character = SYR_hawash_mohammed
recruit_character = SYR_maher_al_assad
recruit_character = SYR_suheil_salman_al_hassan
recruit_character = SYR_abdel_fatah_qudsiyeh
recruit_character = SYR_hassan_daaboul
recruit_character = SYR_hussein_isaac
recruit_character = SYR_jameh_jameh
recruit_character = SYR_rustum_ghazaleh
recruit_character = SYR_hassan_turkmani
recruit_character = SYR_name_name
recruit_character = SYR_unamed
