recruit_character = TZN_john_magufuli
recruit_character = TZN_freeman_mbowe
recruit_character = TZN_seif_sharif_hamad
recruit_character = TZN_zitto_kabwe
recruit_character = TZN_james_mbatia
recruit_character = TZN_davis_mwamunyange
recruit_character = TZN_venance_mabeyo
recruit_character = TZN_james_mwakibolwa
recruit_character = TZN_shabani_laswai
recruit_character = TZN_venance_salvatory_mabeyo
recruit_character = TZN_ramadhan_abdul_kimweri
recruit_character = TZN_gaudence_milanzi
recruit_character = TZN_jairos_mwaseba
recruit_character = TZN_aaron_robert_lukyaa
recruit_character = TZN_samuel_albert_ndomba
recruit_character = TZN_charles_lawrence_mkakala
recruit_character = TZN_salum_mustafa_kijuu
recruit_character = TZN_raphael_mugoya_muhuga
recruit_character = TZN_jackson_king_mrema
recruit_character = TZN_sara_thomas_rwambali
recruit_character = TZN_clemence_quadrates_kahama
recruit_character = TZN_hamis_issa_majumba
recruit_character = TZN_saleh_omar_semtua
recruit_character = TZN_ezra_wilson_ndimgwango
recruit_character = TZN_joseph_cosmas_chengelela
recruit_character = TZN_joseph_furaha_kapwani
recruit_character = TZN_william_ingram
recruit_character = TZN_michael_isamuhyo
recruit_character = TZN_paul_ignace_mella
recruit_character = TZN_wynjones_kisamba
recruit_character = TZN_rogastian_shaaban_laswai
recruit_character = TZN_name_name
recruit_character = TZN_unamed
