recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_zelensky
recruit_character = UKR_yuriy_boyko
recruit_character = UKR_yulia_tymoshenko
recruit_character = UKR_petro_poroshenko
recruit_character = UKR_andriy_tarasenko
recruit_character = UKR_arseniy_yatsenyuk
recruit_character = UKR_oleh_lyashko
recruit_character = UKR_petro_symonenko
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_muzhenko
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_popko
recruit_character = UKR_anatoly_shevchenko
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_zabrodskyi
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_lokota
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_drozdov
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_shaptala
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_zubanich
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_nikolyuk
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_shvorak
recruit_character = UKR_ihor_voronchenko
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_hayduk
recruit_character = UKR_name_name
recruit_character = UKR_unamed
