recruit_character = USA_donald_trump
recruit_character = USA_nancy_pelosi
recruit_character = USA_gary_johnson
recruit_character = USA_jill_stein
recruit_character = USA_frank_fluckiger
recruit_character = USA_pat_noble
recruit_character = USA_patty_friend
recruit_character = USA_john_bachtell
recruit_character = USA_richard_b._spencer
recruit_character = USA_nihad_awad
recruit_character = USA_rocky_suhayda
recruit_character = USA_colin_powell
recruit_character = USA_john_g._coburn
recruit_character = USA_eric_k._shinseki
recruit_character = USA_dennis_reimer
recruit_character = USA_john_m._keane
recruit_character = USA_thomas_a._schwartz
recruit_character = USA_lori_j._robinson
recruit_character = USA_erik_kurilla
recruit_character = USA_robert_b._abrams
recruit_character = USA_joseph_l._votel
recruit_character = USA_john_n._abrams
recruit_character = USA_thomas_d._waldhauser
recruit_character = USA_andrew_p._poppas
recruit_character = USA_john_w._hendrix
recruit_character = USA_kurt_w._tidd
recruit_character = USA_joseph_m._martin
recruit_character = USA_christopher_g._cavoli
recruit_character = USA_joseph_dunford
recruit_character = USA_paul_selva
recruit_character = USA_curtis_scaparrotti
recruit_character = USA_raymond_thomas_iii
recruit_character = USA_john_hyten
recruit_character = USA_darren_mcdew
recruit_character = USA_joseph_lengyel
recruit_character = USA_john_nicholson_jr.
recruit_character = USA_vincent_brooks
recruit_character = USA_mark_milley
recruit_character = USA_daniel_allyn
recruit_character = USA_gustave_perna
recruit_character = USA_robert_brown
recruit_character = USA_david_perkins
recruit_character = USA_robert_neller
recruit_character = USA_glenn_walters
recruit_character = USA_james_mcconville
recruit_character = USA_david_goldfein
recruit_character = USA_stephen_wilson
recruit_character = USA_james_holmes
recruit_character = USA_robin_rand
recruit_character = USA_ellen_pawlikowski
recruit_character = USA_john_raymond
recruit_character = USA_carlton_everhart_ii
recruit_character = USA_terrence_o`shaughnessy
recruit_character = USA_tod_wolters
recruit_character = USA_joseph_harrington
recruit_character = USA_michael_garrett
recruit_character = USA_ben_hodges
recruit_character = USA_jeffrey_buchanan
recruit_character = USA_clarence_k.k._chinn
recruit_character = USA_susan_davidson
recruit_character = USA_paul_nakasone
recruit_character = USA_james_dickinson
recruit_character = USA_kenneth_tovo
recruit_character = USA_thomas_vandal
recruit_character = USA_todd_semonite
recruit_character = USA_christopher_ballard
recruit_character = USA_bradley_becker
recruit_character = USA_jeffrey_snow
recruit_character = USA_william_rapp
recruit_character = USA_robert_caslen
recruit_character = USA_blake_ortner
recruit_character = USA_burke_whitman
recruit_character = USA_brian_brakke
recruit_character = USA_carl_epting_mundy
recruit_character = USA_charles_chiarotti
recruit_character = USA_charles_luckey
recruit_character = USA_craig_timberlake
recruit_character = USA_daniel_o`donohue
recruit_character = USA_david_ottignon
recruit_character = USA_gary_volesky
recruit_character = USA_harry_e._miller_jr.
recruit_character = USA_helen_g._pratt
recruit_character = USA_james_e._kraft
recruit_character = USA_james_b._linder
recruit_character = USA_william_f._kernan
recruit_character = USA_jeffrey_bennett
recruit_character = USA_james_kilby
recruit_character = USA_fernandez_ponds
recruit_character = USA_dee_mewbourne
recruit_character = USA_christopher_grady
recruit_character = USA_craig_blakely
recruit_character = USA_brian_davies
recruit_character = USA_bruce_lindsey
recruit_character = USA_harry_harris_jr.
recruit_character = USA_michael_rogers
recruit_character = USA_john_richardson
recruit_character = USA_william_moran
recruit_character = USA_james_caldwell_jr.
recruit_character = USA_philip_davidson
recruit_character = USA_michelle_howard
recruit_character = USA_scott_swift
recruit_character = USA_paul_zukunft
recruit_character = USA_charles_michel
recruit_character = USA_james_o._ellis
recruit_character = USA_dennis_c._blair
recruit_character = USA_vernon_e._clark
recruit_character = USA_thomas_b._fargo
recruit_character = USA_charles_s._abbot
recruit_character = USA_name_name
