recruit_character = YEM_abdrabbuh_mansur_hadi
recruit_character = YEM_abdulraham_alsaqqaf
recruit_character = YEM_mohammed_alyadumi
recruit_character = YEM_ahmed_saleh
recruit_character = YEM_ali_mohsen_alahmar
recruit_character = YEM_salem_nasser_qatn
recruit_character = YEM_mahmoud_alsubaihi
recruit_character = YEM_thabt_jawas
recruit_character = YEM_salem_ali_qatan
recruit_character = YEM_ali_aljaafy
recruit_character = YEM_abdulrab_alshadadi
recruit_character = YEM_adel_alqumeiri
recruit_character = YEM_abdul_hakim_alsafwani
recruit_character = YEM_abdulrahman_alhalili
recruit_character = YEM_mfarrih_bahibh
recruit_character = YEM_hussein_saleh_ziad
recruit_character = YEM_adnan_alhammadi
recruit_character = YEM_abdrabbo_ahmed_alkashibi
recruit_character = YEM_faraj_albassani
recruit_character = YEM_saif_alyafei
recruit_character = YEM_ali_mohsen_muthanna
recruit_character = YEM_ahmed_ali_alashwal
recruit_character = YEM_mohammed_nasir_aleatifi
recruit_character = YEM_mohammed_ali_alnumeiri
recruit_character = YEM_ahmed_hussein_dahan
recruit_character = YEM_nasir_alnuba
recruit_character = YEM_ahmed_ali_jaafar
recruit_character = YEM_askar_hamoud_dars
recruit_character = YEM_naji_alsurhi
recruit_character = YEM_ahmed_jamara
recruit_character = YEM_samir_alhaj
recruit_character = YEM_abdullah_ali_alnakhaie
recruit_character = YEM_name_name
recruit_character = YEM_unamed
